# Level 1:
The game will start in the Ashikaga Shogunate Ruins and the protagonist will learn the basic commands of the game. He will learn how to Move `[A and D]`, how to Jump `[W or Spacebar]` and how to Attack `[left mouse button]`, facing his first enemy: a katanaji. Afterwards he will find two more katanajis and, when he defeats them, there will be a lake of fire. It will take a Double Jump `[W + W]` to cross it. Soon after, a katanaji will appear on the left and, on the right, a katanaji and a tanegashimiri. Finally, he will meet up with Onigama and the two will start fighting. To dodge the boss's attacks, the player will learn Dash `[Q]`. After being hit six times, Onigama can no longer be attacked and the level will end. The player will unlock the Falling Attack skill `[S]` and depart for Yawarakai Mori.

# Level 2:
Upon arriving at Yawarakai Mori, the protagonist will find three katanajis and two tanegashimiris. Upon defeating them, the player will have to survive some traps (saws and wooden logs) and reach the last challenge of the stage: an ambush where there will be a trap on each side of the screen and seven more enemies (two katanajis and a tanegashimiri on each side, but a kunaja will appears when only one enemy remains among the first six). After that, the level ends, the player unlocks the Specific Attack skill `[right mouse button]` and proceeds to the second part of Yawarakai Mori.

# Level 3:
Arriving at the other part of Yawarakai Mori, the protagonist will come across a lake, where there will be, on its shore, a boat attached to a wooden stake, and a katanaji protecting it. When the enemy is defeated, the player can proceed and cross the lake using the vessel. As he crosses the lake, he'll have to fight katanajis and dodge bullets coming from the right. When the crossing is finished, the character will have to destroy a wooden barricade, having to dodge the attacks of the tanegashimiris that are on the other side. After destroying the barrier, he will fight more katanajis and tanegashimiris until he reaches an arena with suspended platforms, where more enemies (katanajis, tanegashimiris and kunajas) will be waiting for him. By defeating them, the stage ends and the protagonist goes towards the last level, Kurozumi Mori, already with his last improvement unlocked: Fury Mode (`[right mouse button]` pressed for 3s).

# Level 4:
Starting the fourth and final level, the protagonist will be faced right away with what the entire stage will be like: it consists only of boss fights. There will be three bosses in total, with two phases for the first two and three for the last one. The first boss to appear will be Uruti, who will use a nodachi to attack the player. After defeating her, the character will walk a little until he reaches a temple, where he will find the second boss of the stage: Tairone, a ninja who will use two sais to fight the character. Finally, after defeating Tairone, the player will walk a little further until reaching the top of a mountain, where he will find the final boss of the game: Onigama, the murderer of the family and people of the protagonist's city. Onigama will use a ryōba (giant axe) and have three phases before being defeated. When defeated, the level will end and the game will be over. The protagonist will finally have quenched his desire for revenge. (credits scene)
